what was that business with you in rush
limbaugh we got flown to Washington DC
to do a panel on terrorism yeah at the
Republican think tank yeah and I've
started writing about this I did a
comedy set about this a lot just because
it's such a great odd weird thing that
happened yeah I went into it like oh
yeah of course I'll go to Washington DC
have no business being there no interest
in any of it don't don't no it's going
to ask you just because you were on a
show about terrorism people are huge
fans of that show and you know the show
runners are 24 were very politically
savvy one of them's really more left and
one of them hardcore Republican and they
work together yeah yeah it's awesome
pretty powerful and so you know he the
one guy's a fan of Rush Limbaugh but
there we had a lot of fans in Washington
so I think they structured it like there
was going to be this panel think tank
but really everyone just wanted to show
up and see you guys yeah you and Rush
and whoever else was on the guy a couple
of actors from the show Carlos Bernard
and Greg it's in and a couple of the
producers yeah and some Republican
thinkers and Rush Limbaugh was
moderating and it was called 24 and
America's image in fighting terrorism
fact fiction or does it matter what am I
doing here why would I have anything to
say about this but Russian was
introducing everybody and he was behind
me and he's being very effusive and he
loves the show and he loved my character
and like really nice guy you know you
ever see that movie the King of Scotland
that eating me movie yeah yeah okay
never mind why I'm not making
comparisons do you mean at all that's
not what I meant yeah I do I did feel a
little bit like hey I'm just here to
have fun and I have no idea like what
you know and everyone resents and
everybody
who knows me is just like how could you
do that but did rush know that I mean
what ultimately happened was because
there was gossip around it correct yeah
he was like introduced me came up behind
me and he kissed me on the lips and
there's a bank of photographers that
took pictures and so I was like again
this like innocent like oh whatever he's
just like a cocktail party no one's
gonna kiss you on the cheek and they
kiss you on the lips but later she's
more savvy than me he's got to know that
there's photographers there